From Hollywood, California, Meltdown Commerce and the Meltdown Theater, Harmontown is now in session.
Please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown, Mr. Dan Harmon.
Thank you very much. I was minecrafting. I'm not really ready to do the show.
What happened recently on Minecraft? Get us up to date on where you were as you left Minecraft.
I have a new base that I built up in the sky. It's a cube of marble.
And inside of it is a glass room with these powered spawners that creates zombies that bring zombies into the world.
And then there's these machines on all sides that immediately murder them.
And then all of their brains and flesh go through conduits into a central chest underneath that chamber.
And then I just finished making an elaborate system that like a serial killer's elaborate turn of the century world fair murder castle
sorts their armor off and melts it down into gold and anything that they were carrying.
It's just sorted all out.
And then you take their flesh and their flesh gets teleported into a tesseract that funnels down into these vats
and is combined with sugar from these fields of cane that I had growing on the roof of my cube.
So the cube is a cube of marble with sugar cane growing on the roof.
And it's just being constantly harvested and that gets turned into sugar.
And the sugar is combined with the zombie flesh and forms a nutrient juice that powers my whole operation.
I have these generators. Thank you. Thank you. You should applaud.
Welcome to Nuremberg 1939.
Harvesting flesh to power your...
It does make you feel a little... I mean they're zombies.
But they were created by me.
Like I did summon them into the world with my machine only to harvest their flesh and brains and stuff.
Is this part of a menu that happens when you first get the game?
No, no. It's probably a lot of mod packs. I've told you I'm playing the... I told you, Jeff.
Damn, we don't talk as much as we used to.
It's the Beast Infinity mod pack. It's if you're interested in it.
So you summon zombies only to murder them and harvest their parts to fuel your war engine?
Yes.
They're zombie generators. They each generate 80 red stone flux points of energy per tick.
A tick is a tenth of a second, I think.
So each zombie generator generates 80 and I have just a wall of them and they all run on this nutrient distillation
and then they funnel the energy into a big giant capacitor and then that charges everything.
Like my jet pack and stuff like that.
Your jet pack?
Oh yeah. Got to have a jet pack.
Is there a first person or third person element to this where you're flying around?
It's a first person experience.
So you're on a jet pack flying around through your sky cloud zombie killing?
Yep. Alone.
Is there any companionship? Is there anybody out there?
Just you out there with the zombies.
Just the comforting screams of their...
I usually put it on mute because it's a little disturbing.
I keep my bedroom far away from where you can hear their cries of anguish and confusion.
I'm sure they're very confused. They're like, hmm, brains, what am I brains?
Yeah, it's pretty great. What am I doing?
I'm not saying this to be glib or smart assy. What is the payoff?
What's the serotonin?
It's never going to end if that's what you were asking.
My wife is always asking. It's never going to end.
She's like, did you win yet? No, I did not win yet.
What's the visceral experience of that?
Just getting fatter and...
It's a world where every decision you make can result, if you choose it to, in perfect order.
It's a perfect organization. Listen to that.
I took the zombies and I turned them into electricity and their pants get turned into gold.
There's a place for everything and you just sort things and build them and you can create anything.
It's like digital Legos. I need that in my life because nobody has that in real life.
Because the rest of life is too disordered.
There's no result. If you could go out in the street and the lady could go, help, help, my wallet.
There's a guy stealing her wallet and you're like, he's kind of smaller than me.
I'm going to do the right thing here.
Then you go up and go, hey, get your damn hands off her and the guy just stabs you.
And the woman's like, we tricked you.
We're like a pair of people that do this.
Take his blood, take his blood. Let's get out of here.
Turn his pants into gold.
In real life, you could be the zombie that's generated by an autospawner.
Our friend Annie from South by Southwest is here tonight.
You think in her Minecraft games she would say, give me spinal stenosis?
Are you here, Annie?
Okay, there you are.
Hello, Annie.
People didn't like my offhanded glib use of you as an analogy.
Well, Annie's here. She can confirm now.
I was glad to hear you were going to be here.
Did you just schedule an LA trip by coincidence or did you?
I live here.
Oh, you live here? What were you doing in South by Southwest?
I was there to go to the community stuff.
Oh.
Do you want to come up here? Is it easy enough?
Can we move that table so that she needs her walking?
Oh, really? Okay, you can do it.
Let's welcome Annie over to wherever she is.
Hello, Annie.
Resplendent and pink sweater and pink bow.
Thank you.
Okay, so we met you at South by Southwest, which was very loud and I didn't listen to the broadcast.
I don't know if it was like too loud for the listeners or anything.
Oh, man.
I couldn't tell.
Because last time we were there, it was the same thing.
But then I listened to it and I was like, well, it's not so bad.
Good thing we didn't spend the whole podcast like going, hey, what's with these people talking?
Because when I listened to it, I was like, ah, you can't really, you know, you can hear like a background sound effect.
It's like we're doing a show to Fudruckers or something.
But this time it was just unavoidable.
Like everyone that came up had to address it.
We went over to the bar a thousand times and said, keep it down.
Didn't we send you over there at some point?
My friend Jessica went and we were like cheering her on.
And Erin went over.
Erin was the best because she would go over and be like, hi, what's your name?
What are you talking about?
Shut the fuck up.
So it was perfect.
I don't know.
Yeah, they got to figure.
We got to ask more questions before we go back to South by.
Yeah.
I thought this time the place would be sealed up because of Yahoo and stuff.
Let's ask for a theater next time.
Well, the open bar was the problem because everybody was standing around the bar and everybody wanted drinks.
And they were talking to people at the bar because obviously you can't really hear what's going on at the show.
But also those people at the bar, they were not at the Harmontown.
No, a lot of them were just, you know.
Yeah, they were just hanging out, like talking about like e-wallets and stuff.
So we met you there.
And I don't know how much they could hear.
But we asked you about your walker and then found out you have this tragic spinal stenosis.
You were walking down the hall one day.
Down.
Just fell down and found out you're not going to be able to walk over again.
It's going to get kind of worse as it goes.
And then it came up that you're a big Annie Edison fan and that your name is Annie with one N.
And that you have a blog where you talk about what Annie wears.
And that you were bummed out about the move from skirts to pants, which a move I made to be a decent human being.
I understood your logic behind all of it.
You were just wrong.
Yeah, yeah, I know.
So it's fine.
What was your guilt about that, Danny?
You felt like you were being exploitative?
Yeah, I'm looking at, you know, that character outfits differently.
I'm not going like, oh, that old innocent schoolgirl thing.
I'm a pig.
And also, the character is growing and changing, so I thought, well, is she just in this stasis?
Does she just have 11,000 short skirts and pairs of tights and cardigan sweaters in this closet?
You should literally see my closet.
It's like half cardigans, half dresses.
So we put you in charge of wardrobe for the finale episode.
There's a couple of scenes where she's dressed in accordance with your wishes.
We actually connected you with our wardrobe supervisor.
It's true.
She still has not responded to me.
I'm not like mad.
I'm not like trying to be like, hey, I'm very upset at all of this.
I asked a bunch of questions, and I think it was a little too much.
I was literally three tweets with the questions, like this and this and this and that.
I think it was overwhelming.
Yeah.
And also, you're associated with me.
The people that work underneath me are not big fans of, last night was the rap party for season six,
and it's always a tradition where I come up with a new way to promise that I'll figure out how to run a show.
All the new people are like, yeah, good speech, man.
And all the Rhonda the prop master for six years is over in the corner.
If she smoked, she'd just have a cigarette dangling like, yeah, it's always going to be different.
He's really learning.
Wait, so you already shot the Annie last episode then?
Yeah.
Somebody tweeted me a picture actually of it.
I don't know how they managed to find this, but I guess there was somebody released a picture of everybody on set,
and then somebody tweeted it to me and was like, hey, this is your outfit.
Is it all right?
Did we get it?
Yeah, no.
I mean, well, it's not really a purple sweater.
I would definitely not call that purple.
Right.
Literally what happened, I wish this was a more glorious story,
but literally what happened was they sent me pictures of two outfits,
literally in the combinations that they were in on the show.
So all the items had previously been worn, and it was only two outfits.
So what I said was, can we swap that sweater for this dress,
because at least then it's a new combination of things she's already worn.
That was my amazing costume designing.
You were as, yeah.
Welcome to Hollywood, Annie.
It's great to be here, Chef.
I did have a little bit of a shithead shit-fit tantrum.
I remember on the way to a meeting, because I was looking at these emails,
and I was going like, wait, there was a picture of a black sweater,
and I was like, the only thing I remember is a purple sweater.
That's all I know.
How is that the one thing that's different?
And then they said that you were in contact with them, so after a point,
I was like, okay, as long as I look like a good person.
Spencer.
That was my goal here.
This is the real, yeah.
No, Spencer got in contact with me, actually,
and I also talked to Kevin and somebody else, and things worked out.
What are you holding there?
I'm holding a fan, because I'm afraid at any moment I'm going to heat up and be needing this.
It's a little worm in here. You know why?
Very popular podcast.
It's like the zombie generators.
You could power a marble base with this room, all these brains and flesh.
What does a marble base afford you?
I don't know, it just looks pretty. It's white.
Okay.
Everything down on the earth.
What is your home base? Are you building a villa?
Like a home, like a fortress of solitude? What do you have there?
It's like a big computer kind of that takes in or takes in everything.
Is there an architectural aesthetic to it?
Is it a white cube with multiple levels?
It's not about aesthetics, it's about function.
What about the aesthetic of function?
When you look at it, you're like, this guy's functioning,
and he doesn't give a shit about anything, it's a power.
Ancient Rome functioned, but they still had...
I mean, shizzle a couple of columns when I'm finished with everything being working.
I could take a shizzle and I could make some things.
You can? Can you make it look artistic? You can.
Yeah, you like it now.
I have no idea what we're talking about.
But I do like the idea that one day you would graduate from function.
When you got everything you wanted, when you achieved the heights of whatever you wanted,
you would start becoming like an artistic...
Yeah.
I would save that for last, yeah.
I would be like, okay, now I care if there's a pot in the corner with a plant in it.
But up until the moment when you're a god, why would you care?
If I were a third-person Minecrafter walking up,
I ran afoul of your kingdom and I saw out in the distance a giant building,
which is where you dwell.
I would just see a big cube.
You would see, first of all, you would go, oh my god, what happened?
Because there's just these giant rectangular holes in the earth.
I built an ender quarry and I just put it on a diamond upgrade
and it just goes...
And I just scoop up the earth down to bedrock so there's just lava.
So far, that's ancient Rome.
As you get to Rome, there's quarries and mines and chain gangs and bad things happening.
Yeah, you'd be like, oh my god, what horrible monster did all this?
And then you'd look up on the sky and he'd go, is that the sun?
No, it's my home.
Are you living in the sky?
Yes, I live in the sky.
You live in a marbled cube in the sky?
Yes, I do.
Okay, that's... I like that. That's good.
Do you play Minecraft, Annie?
No, I do not.
You play video games?
I do play video games. I do. I'm actually really addicted.
I don't know if anybody knows this really old game that was on Linux called Chips Challenge.
Yeah, there was a Microsoft version in the Microsoft Entertainment Pack in the 90s.
Anyway, I just discovered that some amazing humans with way too much time in their hands
have put all these level packs in and you can actually play it on the iPhone.
So that's actually what I waste all my time on is playing this fake version of Chips Challenge
because it's like my childhood on my phone.
Is it like an ASCII game?
No, it's just like when the graphics are pretty shitty, it's two-dimensional
and you have to collect chips in the original game and then knock off its coins
but it's all puzzles, so you have to push the block into the water
to make sure that the creature doesn't come get you and yada-yada-yada.
It's starting to sound like Minecraft, I like it.
Yeah, it's definitely like a precursor except this is all puzzle-based.
So it's like everything is like you have to get to the end and how are you going to do that.
And some of these puzzles are extremely tricky.
I mean, they're just ridiculous.
Do you ever play Myst?
Oh god, I loved it.
You can get all of those too for the iPhone now.
Myst, Riven, and the seventh guest.
They're like, yeah, buy them now, they are amazing.
And it's like the perfect graphics for a third iPhone.
They are a little dated, but still.
But yeah, you can totally get them all.
Sorry, my wife is texting me.
Oh, we thought you were downloading games now.
How do you know she was texting you from your pocket?
Did she have a certain kind of vibrate?
No, well...
You pulled your phone out and said my wife was texting me before?
Well, I didn't know, I brought it out, anybody could have been texting me, but then I saw that it was her.
She texted me, Minecraft joke.
Question, why did the sailor bring iron and gold into his boat?
Answer, he needed oars.
Oh, that's good.
I don't like the direction the show is taking.
It really has become our generation's Prairie Home companion, including the boredom.
It's just me just...
Sarah got her brand new hat.
A blueberry pie.
Went to church.
If you're wondering, why would anyone watch this?
Which is what Dino asked.
Right now, Dan, as of two days ago, the community is done.
Yeah, yeah, I've rapped on community, I'm done, I'm just editing now.
I was there yesterday at CBS Radford, where you shoot who's Linus anyway.
It's literally the soundstage directly above where they shoot community.
So in the hallway where our dressing rooms are, it goes Ryan Stiles, Jeff Winger.
It's not the actor's names, it's the character names.
Is the character name Ryan Stiles coming up?
Or is there a character named Ryan Stiles coming up?
Well, no, he's a real person.
Well, I knew that.
But that's why I was thinking it would be a really interesting reference to make.
A character named Ryan Stiles.
But sadly, on all the doors for all the community characters, it said vacant, clean room.
And I've been there several weeks when it said occupied.
Don't come in here, this is Annie's room, this is Jeff's room, this is Abed's room.
And now, fucking do as you like.
And Danny Pudi's like, okay, you can come in, clean it up, and there's just like blood everywhere.
Six dead hitchhikers.
Tons of weird tic-tac-toe gamers played in his own poop.
The Harvey Keitel character that works at Yahoo comes in and looks it over.
And they nods to the cleaning crew, cover it up.
Make it disappear.
What were the numbers last night?
$15 million, sir.
Make it so it didn't happen.
By the way, everybody in the world watches community, now we know,
now that we're not being measured by Nielsen.
Is that true?
Yeah.
Like, I probably should have made the season better.
But it could have been a real double triumph for me to be at my peak,
as our viewership was, and our support from the other side.
Well, you're finding out that because Nielsen is so flawed,
that more people are watching than you thought?
Yeah, here's a fundamental way it's flawed.
Guess who wants to fill out a diary of what they watched and sell it to Colgate?
Like Jay Leno's audience does.
That is a dying species of television viewer.
And then there's this sought after demo called the, what's her?
What's her?
What are these college kids?
Whatever you call them.
Millennials, upscales, roamers, sand people.
I don't know what they're.
Banffas, nerf herders, lobos, tranks.
But they don't watch TV yet, TV.
They certainly, if they do, they're not watching it on a Nielsen box TV.
Oh, surprise, surprise.
Yahoo knows how to count the clicks.
Guess what?
Holy shit.
Jesus Christ.
Like, you always knew.
How many people?
I can't say.
Why not?
Well, because it's Yahoo's business.
Like, I don't remember.
It's their business, like, you know, like, that's their, I don't know.
They're not necessarily going to, like, publish, you know, like, that was Nielsen's, like, business
was, we're this contractor and everyone give us money and then we'll announce your ratings
and we'll be, like, this referee.
That was their business.
Netflix is not doing that.
They're a private, you know, thing and they go, how many people are watching House of Cards?
Fuck you.
Do you think House of Cards is a good show?
Do you feel like everyone's watching it?
Yes or no?
Like, stick it.
You know, there's no commercial.
So with Yahoo, though, they have to tell advertisers, obviously, so they have data and they're just,
I'm not really asking and they're not telling, but they're, you know, lips were loose at the
drunken rat party.
Enough for me to go, holy shit, that's what I always would have guessed.
Times two or three.
I always knew there was, like, way more people watching this shit than whatever that.9 represented.
Are you saying that NBC and Sony didn't know that or didn't care?
I think that the dirty little, I think that the last 10 years it's been a dirty little
secret that the Nielsen's has had a totally effective tabulation of viewership.
Over time, we've gotten caught in this cycle where the whole point of the Nielsen system is advertising.
So if they're not watching commercials, who cares if they're watching?
But the creatives, all the creatives want is for numbers of people to watch their show.
That's how you measure their success.
And so now we're in this weird, you know, flux period where it's like, okay, live plus seven day,
live plus 30 day.
Yahoo doesn't even fucking, like, they're like, live plus 30 day.
Who gives a shit?
Like, Yahoo knows more information than the CIA about, like, viewership.
They're on the internet.
They know, they just have, like, clouds and bell curves and things.
Like, they're like, here's the amount of people that are emotionally moved to purchase things
by looking at one of Alison Brie's feet, you know, like, they don't, like,
they're not worried about views and, like, the week of and the night of and the month of.
What do you think people purchase when they look at one of her feet?
It's probably like a boot or something.
I don't know.
Look at that foot.
I need a boot.
I was just using the classic example.
Kumail tweeted at one point, he said, his goal is to become so successful that one of the Google auto fill ins
is Kumail Nanjiani feet.
It's like a typical thing for female celebrities.
How you doing?
Are you bursting into flame or anything?
All right.
We got some things to talk about.
So, yeah, I'm successful.
So, will there be a season seven or is that it?
Is community done?
I don't know, man.
What do you want?
Are you allowed to say?
I mean, I got to talk to my therapist about this.
I really don't know.
Dan, pretend I'm your therapist right now.
Pretend no one's listening.
Dan, put your phone down.
I want to put your phone down.
I want to play Minecraft.
No, you don't.
Dan, I know you want to play Minecraft.
And I know that if you had your way, you would only play Minecraft.
But let's say there was a clamor and a great gnashing of teeth and wailing for another season of community by anybody,
either by Yahoo or by the fans or whatever.
Would you say yes under certain circumstances?
I can't tell you right now because I'm just coming off of it.
Yeah, because you have bubble throat?
No, I have liquid mouth.
I can't say.
That's a perfectly normal thing.
I drank.
Dan, answer a question right now.
I can't talk to her now because I swallowed a little bit of liquid in my mouth.
Or an ice cube.
It's normal.
It's not to be mocked.
Dan, as your therapist, I think you're kind of evading the question right now.
Under certain circumstances.
There's so many variables.
Can you imagine a circumstance where you would say yes to doing this?
Yes, of course.
I can imagine a circumstance where Hitler and I would hang out.
It involves him hating Jews less and coming back to life and maybe being on a timeline
where he didn't kill a bunch of people and having a full mustache.
There's a certain point where he's not Hitler anymore.
He's just Sam Elliott.
And Jeff, how would it go if Sam Elliott was in charge of the Third Reich?
You know the Jews are a bunch of assholes.
The Jews abide.
Yeah, so very popular television show.
Very popular.
Do you think it's going to come back?
It doesn't.
Okay, look, in no necessary order, let me throw some fucking variables at you.
Does Alison Brie want to do?
I don't know if the answer to any question you're about to ask.
What does her left foot want to do?
The actor contracts her up.
That is a big deal.
Okay, so let's say ratings are good.
Yahoo goes, hey, Dan, you want to try to marshal the troops and bring it back?
Do you say fuck that shit, we're done?
Or do you say let's see what the actors think?
Well, I would say let's see what the actors think.
There's my answer.
Let's start from there.
But a million things have to be different.
I have to get my head out of my ass and learn how to run a show.
You're never going to learn how to run a show.
You've proven that this is the way that you run a show, right?
You run the show the way that you run shows.
But then nobody good will work for me.
We had such a great crew this year.
Our new DP buzz is so good.
I would work for you, Dan.
This is your first year, though.
See, then I'd have that energy and I wouldn't hate you.
Did you say that you pissed off Ronda the proper lady or she's on your team?
It's always hard.
It's hard to work for me because the scripts come in last minute.
And so if you're the person that makes the pants,
then you're like, I can't make good pants now because I just saw that this person's wearing pants.
If I had known they were wearing pants a week ago, I could have made the best pants ever.
I like working the way that I work,
but I'm not bringing out the best in the people that work for me.
They don't get a chance to look at a script and like, hmm, pants, huh?
I've got an idea.
They just have to be like, here's some pants.
You know that's called the wardrobe department, right?
Yeah, the pants people.
They really are the people at the wrap party at the end of the year that are always like,
they have like that serious drama about them.
For all the hell I put everyone through, it's always the wardrobe people that are like,
You challenge me.
And I like the results.
And I just want to go, come on, you make pants.
Take it easy.
It's just pants.
Worst case scenario, there's a bunch of naked, beautiful people on TV.
Everyone wants that anyway.
And they also come with their own clothes.
But they couldn't pull off a purple fucking cardigan?
Well, it's not rag on them too much. There's only so many wardrobe people in the city, you know?
But yeah, our production designer, our prop master, our wardrobe supervisor,
they've been, they're old veterans of the Harmon effect.
And they're some great ladies. They're real heroes.
I forgot my shoes last night, right before getting dressed for Who's Line,
I was taping the Who's Lines anyway.
And getting dressed, I look in my bag, I forgot my shoes at home.
And I go to the wardrobe, people's like, I got no shoes.
And they ran to Marshall's and bought me some shoes that were a good size too small.
And so I sent a PA to my place and he got stuck in traffic.
So for the first two hours of a four hour taping, really small shoes.
And then I kept playing Jar Jar Binks in a game.
And Wayne Brady kept coming and cutting my throat because he hates Jar Jar Binks.
That's a brave choice.
To kill Jar Jar to play Jar Jar.
To kill him, to be anti Jar Jar at an improv scene.
But I broke a cufflink, so I had small shoes and one cufflink on it.
It was a rough night for me.
Fists with your toes.
Fists with your toes?
So Dan, I have to say this.
There's you when you're working and you're in your manic, like, shit to get done mode.
And then there's you when you're not working and you're seated the entire show.
This is the first time you've been seated this long.
Wait, are you sitting because you're trying to be sensitive to me?
No, I actually love sitting.
It doesn't matter if the guest is able to run laps around the stage.
You thought that would make me feel comfortable.
I'm one of you. I'm sitting.
I can sit.
I had a girlfriend once who I swear to God.
Suspender disbelief, everybody.
She told me about a show she was in.
She used to perform for these.
There was this guy that had somehow stumbled into the kind of like goldmine of writing special shows for school kids.
I think I've maybe talked about this in the podcast before, but like she was in a couple of his shows.
So like he would write these like educational shows and there would be like musicals.
And one of them that he wrote was for it was like to now this is where the language gets difficult because what is the point is to raise awareness.
Is it to comfort? Is it to benefit?
But it just has that he just had that specialness vibe on it because there was like this show he wrote that was about a kid in a wheelchair who goes to a magical land where everyone is a car.
And the insinuation is like, I had so many questions, I was like, so is the idea, does the kid come back and be like, now I feel better?
She's like, no, he stays there, but he's happier because everyone else has wheels.
And I'm like, that's not, does anyone check this guy's license to write for children?
But it's just like the kids in a wheelchair that he gets transported to heaven, to car world.
And then the cars are like, they have these car songs.
And she would shoot because she had a couple of them memorized and was like, everyone, he's doing the traffic jam.
Do the traffic jam.
I was so intrigued by this guy and his career.
Yeah, they just, we have wheels too.
Anyways, that made me think of that, the idea that I would be sitting for your benefit to help you out like a magical car.
Thank you, I was getting really jealous.
Are we finding out that you brought Annie up just so you could sit down?
I often bring guest ups just so I could sit down because when the guests come up, I can't stand there.
So yes, I often bring people up so I can sit down.
Annie I brought up so that she could verify that I'm like the world's greatest showrunner.
Totally amazing.
I turned wardrobe department over to her and the result was an almost purple sweater.
But I really almost got it done people.
We almost got it done.
It's just the headlines, you know, tomorrow.
TMZ, Dan helps Annie.
All right.
Are we going to get more sit down rapper?
I thought that was the funniest thing ever.
Lazy sit down rapper.
I loved the smattering of applause I got were videos.
Why would you even bring that up?
I wanted to sus three something.
I blocked Adam Goldberg on Twitter.
And I can't really remember why.
I just know that I did.
I know why I did.
I don't know if anybody, if it's possible, like you all have your phones in the audience.
Like if somebody can pull up like a timeline and look at like, because I was hashtag when I blocked somebody.
I hashtag at Harmon Black 2015.
And so if you look, I don't know if you can find the what he said right before I did that.
I'm so curious like what he did wrong.
Was it because he said one thing or because it was too many things in a row?
No, it was like, it was like, it was just, I wasn't, I was in the wrong mood at the wrong time.
Like I said something like, I was in a certain zone and like said something.
And then he, he was like snarky and dot connected about it.
And I was just like, fuck you, you fucking jackass.
It's like, elaborate on why millennials are eight years old.
Oh, okay, yeah.
It's just like, elaborate.
Oh, yeah.
No, I, yeah, okay.
So I was just in a pissy mood.
I tweeted like an anti-millennial tweet.
I said, remember when millennials were eight years old?
And we said, there are the future and now it's the future.
And sure enough, we're all fucking eight years old.
And then he, I don't know what he said.
He said like, well, can you elaborate on that?
And I said, fuck you.
I said, can you, can you, can you, can you live without a source of something to react to?
Fuck you.
Harmon block.
Wait, you have a hashtag for blocking people?
Sorry, what?
Feel free to exist as a collection of reactions.
Oh, that's what I said to him.
Wow.
Did you look that up right now?
Yeah, a medicine.
Oh, she looked it up.
That's better.
Thank you.
I actually heard two different people called me to tell me about hashtag Harmon block 2015.
They're like, Dan's blocking all these people and like literally trying to talk to me as though this is like gossip that is necessary in life.
What are you taking right now, Dan?
What is this?
I got the ADD real bad.
Steady as a rock.
But he shoots at this hand.
Totally legal.
Got a prescription.
Got the ADD real bad.
Does it get you high?
No.
Actually, now I'm taking it, like remember when they warned you in the after school specials?
And after a while, you're taking it just to stay normal.
Yeah, that's me because I was like, I was taking it to like stay awake and finish writing.
And now as a, so now I wake up and like, because I have to taper off of it because it's like, otherwise my eyelids are like anvils.
Like it's, it's, it's, it's exactly what you would think.
It's just a cartoonish inversion of what you get from the pill is like the year if you're coming off of it, it's like, holy shit.
I'm really tired and super able to focus.
Wait, no.
What do I take it for?
Focusing.
Super unable to focus.
Something about focus.
Annie, why one N?
Well, I know, I know it's the question that's been on everybody's mind.
Actually, so it's a, it's short for my legal name.
My name ends in ANI and at some point my friends and I thought it was clever for me to go by Annie and like for all those girls in the world whose name ends with ANI or ANY, you know, the Tiffany's, the Brittany's, the all the Stephanie.
Are you Stephanie?
What are you?
Which, which one do you think I am?
You're a Stephanie all the way.
I am not a Stephanie.
I am a Brittany.
I was going to guess a Brittany.
Yeah, but I, but I, so I always hated it and I was like, and I was also really into the Anne of Green Gables books.
So I was like, well, Annie is kind of like Anne and I can be that kind of dork.
So it was a dance.
Why one N?
Just seem like a good place to stop, bro.
Yeah.
All right.
Well, I don't, I don't want you cooking up here and I got to, I'm going to, I'm going to bring out more people, I think.
You want to give a hand for Annie and she need help getting down.
All right.
Now that she's gone, I can stand up again.
You trying to mock Annie by standing up the horse in the shot?
I don't know.
I just feel like this is what I've always done.
When somebody comes up, I sit down and somebody's not up here, I stand up.
I thought maybe it would give me a little boost of energy because God knows that medicine won't kick in until midnight.
It takes a while to kick in.
Yeah.
Do you feel like kicking in?
Not, not these days.
I can't take that wrong because when I do it, it's like doing just a bag of Coke.
I once took one at 7pm and I was wallpapering my apartment at 4am.
I'm like, I got, I got shit to do.
If you've never taken it and you, and you take that, that's the effect.
Or if you don't take it for a really long time, then that's the, that is the effect.
And I believe, I always assumed like that, if that, if it's having that effect on you, that means you don't have ADD.
Right.
Correct.
But my friend has ADD, she takes it and her memory comes back.
Right.
And she also goes to bed at 9pm or 10pm.
Yeah. But as I started taking it more, like, like, because I got a real prescription.
So I was like, okay, now I'm taking it.
I did, it did even out and I did feel, as I said, like, I felt like there were positive effects that had nothing to do with staying awake.
And, and, you know, Spencer's, Spencer's kind of convinced that I, that I have ADD.
But, you know, that's just coming from his expertise as a dungeon master.
Should we bring him out and talk to him about my ADD?
Spencer Crittenden.
T. H. D.
Hey guys, how's everybody doing?
That's good.
Spencer, what do you base your findings that Dan might have, ADHD or ADD?
It's funny, I just like, was missing my cue.
I almost didn't come in because I was just explaining to DeMorge the answer to this very question.
It's just, I mean, I don't know, it's, it's hard to explain, but my little brother is really ADD.
And apparently I'm pretty ADD according to doctors and stuff.
I don't know if anyone buys that, but.
So I mean, I kind of know.
My doctor was.
Yeah.
Just according to your doctor, we all have ADD.
But I've seen.
And glaucoma.
I've, I've seen.
Well, that's my doctor.
Those are two totally different doctors on my side.
But no, I work with the guy.
I see his, his behavior, his antics at work.
And it's just, it's very, to me, it just seems like a guy who has ADD.
You know, no offense, Dan, you do great work, but just your mannerisms.
They seem very deficit in terms of attention.
What do you, what do you think?
What do you, what do you, what's your view of this season?
Like, like, like, do you have any, any, like, like people are probably curious.
Like what, what happened?
You know, you're sitting in, sitting there the whole time.
What happened?
Yeah.
I don't know.
You have any interesting insights about, about my work?
No, I mean, I don't know.
It's, it's, I feel like people say it.
It's just like, it's, it's all, it's all coming from you.
I mean, obviously the writers do great work, but at the end of the day,
everything that is on screen has happened because of something in your brain.
And as such, you know, it's, it's lame to give the other writers credit.
Spencer, what is your day-to-day task at the show?
Okay.
So I get in, usually Dan's still asleep or he's ambiguously in his office,
potentially asleep.
So I don't want to bother him.
What time of day are we talking?
You know, anywhere from 7 a.m. to 9 30.
It depends on, you know, the night before.
And when I, when I determine that he is in fact awake, I try and ask him what he,
what he needs, what he needs, if he needs coffee or food or something.
And then I, I go do that and I sit around and I basically repeat that routine for,
you know, the whole time.
It's great.
And other than that, I'm just sitting around and listening and observing.
Are you in the writer's room?
Not so much this season.
It was a, it was a hot office and there wasn't as many chairs.
I would sit, my room is right outside the office and the walls were like paper thin
so I could hear everything at all times.
And, yeah.
Do you feel like, do you have ambitions to like write your own stuff and like maybe
have a show of your own?
Yeah, definitely.
I just don't think I am like good at anything.
So I don't know how I could do it.
Do you feel like your time listening through the walls like community might have prepared
you in some way?
Have you learned stuff?
Certainly.
I think knowing how a writer's room works is a skill.
I don't know if it's something that they're going to like look at and be like, oh, we
got to get this guy.
But I think that it's certainly something that does actually help because you have an expectation
and you kind of understand the packing order and just the workflow and how things go.
So, I mean, I think it's valuable for that reason.
Also, you know, you learn about writing.
Are you writing your own stuff?
No.
I've written a couple things but I got off the wagon.
Are you one of those types?
I'm not.
I'm one of those writers and the reason why I'm not a stand up or a writer is because
I don't think of comedy in terms of jokes.
Like stand up friends of mine, they get up and they write jokes and they want to get
up and do material and writers wake up in the morning and go, I have to make a show about
a guy that does this thing or a girl that does this thing.
I don't think in terms of ideas like that.
Are you one of those people?
Do you think of premises?
I think of ideas in terms of like traps and monsters usually.
So, it's kind of, it takes some creative work to turn that into like a script or a joke.
Are you a story kind of guy?
I mean, obviously, we know that you're good at like character and character development
and creation and certainly trap development.
I guess you'd say, I guess you'd say I'm more of a world builder in all honesty,
like I'll think about things and then it's like, oh yeah, and the pizza story goes at,
it has this guy and he has a mom that he's paying for cancer or something.
What does he pay for cancer?
Other people get it for free.
No, but so just, you know, world building.
It's really throwing your money away.
It's paying for kids.
But so that's usually how my mind goes.
I could see you like writing a show because you're very gifted,
but I could also see you having like, you know, there's these myth buster guys.
I like that show.
I watch myth busters, but I would watch a show where Spencer like is busting traps or I don't know.
Busting traps?
Just trying to thwart his ventures.
Trap sensors.
It would be interesting to have a show just like kind of a,
I don't know how you do it without hurting people,
but like the idea of like just traps, like people traps,
like I don't know, just doing weird shit to people.
The new challenge rooms.
I would say this, Dan, if you were going to make that show,
if you were the head of a network and you came to me,
the junior head of the network and said,
is there a way to do a show without hurting people or just traps?
And people are trying to evade traps.
And maybe some people get caught in traps.
I would say, well, the first thing I know is we got to get Spencer Crittenden on this thing.
They have these like things that you can go to,
you know, like those games we were talking about,
missed, you know, and they have those games on the iPad.
Escape the room.
The room, yeah.
Like escape the room is the name of the genre.
Something like that.
Like they have live action, escape the room like events
that you can buy a ticket to and go to and you're like in a room
and there's like a guy chained up like a zombie
and the chain is getting gradually longer, I guess.
Yeah.
And then you have to like figure out like these kind of like esoteric puzzles and things.
I don't think I would enjoy that.
It's fun.
Well, I'm trying.
It's not fun.
It's horrible.
Did you went and did one?
Can you come and talk to us about it?
Wait, are you willing to come up here?
You don't have to.
No.
Okay, come on up.
I just want to hear it.
He's got shiny pants and a shiny necklace.
Hello, what's your name?
Jenny.
Jenny?
With a G.I.N. and Y?
Grab that mic next to you.
Hi.
Hello, Jenny.
Does it bum you guys out when I switch mics like that back there?
No.
Okay.
They're pros.
Sparkle pants.
Jenny?
Okay.
So you went to one of these live action puzzle game things.
I did.
And it was a horrible idea because I took mushrooms first.
Oh boy.
This is not the vendor's fault.
But just to let like a tiny little bit of that.
That's like, I have no idea if Wicked is a good player or not.
Make sure your eyeballs wiggle.
It's teeth grinding leave.
Wonderful.
Okay, but continue.
So there's this building in New York.
I'm from New York, but you go in and it's a bunch of goofy actors.
We're familiar with New York.
What show did you see?
It was called...
Nice, Dan.
Dan's doing the world's longest least merited camera take.
It doesn't even make sense because we're in LA.
Yeah, I mean, way more so.
I mean, there's nothing but actors here.
New York has a couple of people who are selling fish.
What was the show called again?
It's called The Room.
And it's just like a big building and you go through all the rooms.
And are you with a group of people?
Yeah, and you have to try to figure it out.
As a group?
Yeah.
You're talking it out with each other?
Yeah, it's just really...
There's a bunch of people that are pretending to give you a hard time, but...
Like there are paid performers that are like,
Look, it's not even my idea to be here.
Yeah, yeah.
So it's people like me that have to deal with this.
I'm not going to say what race that guy is.
But he's wearing a flannel shirt with a thermal shirt underneath it.
And he's like salt of the earth.
Like reminding you that you're privileged and like...
That's the first character I'd want to write for one of the six.
You would probably come up with a better one then.
I would.
Of course I would.
Yeah.
I got excited about it.
Like Aaron told me about a thing where you pay...
And then it's like a Halloween horror thing where you pay and then you go...
And it's like a tour...
God, what am I doing?
I don't know how to talk.
I thought Adderall was supposed to help you focus.
I took that thing minutes ago.
It's for Minecrafting all night.
It'll kick in halfway through an episode of Empire.
Why not be a professional and take this four hours before the show?
I forgot.
Because I'm not focused on anything.
I forgot my Alzheimer's medication.
You go to a thing and you're...
It's like a haunted house.
It's like a zombie apocalypse.
But you're led through this thing by these SWAT team guys who are survivors.
They go, come on, get through the door.
Come on, it's closing.
And you're in a bomb shelter kind of situation.
And you run from point to point with these guys that have guns and stuff.
But they're performers, but then there's zombies attacking you.
That is the only thing I've ever heard of that sounded kind of fun that I would enjoy doing.
Except for running.
Just the idea that there's this kind of...
If you combine that with a murder mystery thing where you're like,
oh, I'm Professor Johnson and I need to...
More the lawn.
If there was a little bit of role playing to it, maybe,
and you kind of did it with your friends.
So you give them $1,000 and you take 80 of your friends.
You go in and there's these SWAT team guys that go, come on.
Okay, so you get dropped off in a shuttle.
Are we creating a new show right now?
Yeah, and I don't know how much of this that they do,
but when I heard the idea, I got excited about it.
So I pictured you get in a shuttle and then you get dropped off of a little beach or something.
And then there's like a pretenzies downbeat thing that's going on.
It's like, happy birthday, Jeff, when you're on a beach.
And you're like, happy birthday, Jeff.
And then there's a zombie attack that's just sort of staged.
There's a guy who's in your party that is like a red shirt in Star Trek.
He's on the bus with you.
And it's like, y'all know me. I'm Gail.
And everyone's like, Gail, you fuckface.
And then Gail wanders off and he gets attacked horribly by a zombie.
And then we go, oh, shit.
And cops or soldiers come up and go, come on, come on, come on, come on.
And then you take you to a shelter.
And then, I don't know.
Then you have to vote on who to feed to the zombies or something.
This is very similar to my experience.
Yeah.
Okay, so yeah, I forgot.
Were you hallucinating genetically high?
No, no, no, just like fun high.
So you get to this room and then they go like, oh, you got to solve a puzzle.
Yeah, and there's like a door in the corner and they expect you to find them.
Are the easy puzzles a hard puzzle?
Yeah, is it like the room challenge where it's like, uh-oh, there's a doormat.
There's like a key taped to the bottom of a drawer.
Yeah, so it actually is just physical kind of perceptiveness.
Yeah.
Interesting.
It's a real live version of a point and click thing
where you just like run your cursor over everything.
Just like run, drag your hand across the room until a shingle turns around.
So I was like the smartest person in my group.
Then I'm like, there's a box on the top of the dresser that has a key in it.
And it's got like, we have to reset the clock.
And then the clock makes another key come out.
Stupid.
Exactly.
All right, Ginny, is Ginny?
Ginny, yeah.
Sparklepants, Ginny.
Sparklepants.
High on mushrooms all the time.
Has a major drug problem.
Sparklepants.
Needs an intervention.
Oh, sorry.
Ginny.
I went to a show with a dean I told me to go to in New York called Sleep No More.
Have you guys been to that?
Yeah.
That's Macbeth.
You go into a big hotel and it's a 20s jazz club and you walk in
and you get split up from your people and you put a mask on.
And you walk through rooms and you're encouraged to go snoop through drawers
and look around and read stuff.
And for the first 45 minutes, nothing was going on.
It was like, this sucks.
And then you would hear some commotion.
And you start snooping around and following stuff.
And then you start watching Hamlet be played out.
But also, it's just like, you're just in rooms and you watch a murder.
Then everyone gets naked and they're just dancing around.
It's great.
Yeah.
Everywhere you go, that happens.
It's like a McDonald's.
That's not going to happen to any of us.
Well, not with that attitude.
So Aaron is at home right now because the Nigel, the grief dog, the new dog,
he ate a pile of Harvey's hair.
And so first of all, pause.
Why is there a pile of Harvey's hair?
Because it's summertime.
We're starting to give him a little haircut.
So Aaron gave him a little haircut.
So there's a pile of shaved hair from Harvey.
Dogs eat hair?
Grief dogs.
So Nigel ate Harvey's hair.
And then his poops have ropes coming out of him.
And Aaron has to pull them.
Like he's a British Christmas popper.
But there's no, you don't get a whistle, you don't get anything.
I had a dog one time that ate an insole of a shoe,
like a foam shoe liner insole.
And it came out like a perfectly spiraled poop shape.
It just went straight through this dog's body and came out as a shoe liner.
It was amazing.
I'm wearing it right now.
I can't figure the dogs that are among us, like they're the descendants of the dogs
that mutated the ability to just eat anything and not die, almost.
Except Harvey had an incident with a fan's Rice Krispie treat tray.
I told you guys about that.
So Nigel the Grief Dog is pooping hair ropes right now?
Yeah.
And Aaron has to physically pull them out of his butt
because it hurts his little, took us to, hurt some to make the poops.
And he's in the middle of getting trained how to poop.
So he's like, this is what I'm supposed to do.
You care where I do this? It hurts.
And we're like, yeah, don't do that in the wrong place.
And he's like, it hurts. It's all the wrong place.
I've never heard of a dog eating hair. That's a hungry dog.
Well, you're not supposed to feed him for the first seven months.
Oh.
Okay, now there's your problem. There's your problem.
Although I did get my dog training book on eBay and there's a page missing.
It's called Don't Feed Your Dog.
The way the words break down, it was the equivalent of the six that turns into a nine.
I haven't fed my dog in seven months.
Fart corner.
I'm all done with that fucking show.
Are you happy?
I don't even know. I don't even know.
Is it a weight off your shoulders?
Of course it's a weight. It's like the understatement of the year.
You seem like you're just kind of neutrally buoyant right now.
I have no idea who I am, what I'm doing.
I have no idea what I like. I don't know who likes me.
I don't know if Chris McKenna hates me or if he loves me. I have no idea.
I'm not joking. I sense that because, and I'm not saying this to be corny,
but I feel like your identity is often what you're working on.
That goes for lots of us. Everybody.
When you're working on something, that is a huge part of who you are.
And now that that show is over, do you feel like there's a suspension of identity?
Yes. It's called workaholism, which sounds productive,
but it can also just be this.
Just like a slob who only knows who he is by what he does.
Does that make you want to throw yourself into Rick and Morty or whatever's next?
Or does it make you want to just play Minecraft?
I'd like to play Minecraft for a little while.
Which is me working digitally, so I know who I am by my marble cube.
You don't ever picture yourself like, like, fuck it.
I'm going to go to Centro Pay and sit in a beach and just chill and have a nice...
I'm going to go to Barcelona with Aaron.
They invited us out for a film festival, television festival kind of thing.
They're going to treat us real nice.
It's kind of a working vacation because I'll do a lot of press in Spanish.
I don't speak Spanish.
Catalan.
Okay, I'll just say that.
What is that?
That's a dialect they're speaking in Barcelona.
I can't call it Spanish.
If you speak Spanish, they'll understand you, but they might speak back to you in Catalan.
Dan, here's all you need to know about Barcelona.
Do you like ham?
Yes.
You're good to go.
You cannot be a fucking vegetarian in Barcelona because it's simply ham.
They'll put a bit of ham on everything you get.
I talked to a motherfucker for ten minutes in Spanish about my paella.
I said, this is the vegetarian paella and it still had sausage and shrimp in it.
I said, what the fuck is this?
He goes, ay, verduras.
There's vegetables in it.
I'm like, ay, ay, fucking vegetables.
There's a shrimp on top of it, on top of the sausage.
He's eating some of your vegetables.
The shrimp is like, excuse me.
They don't take it.
If you like ham, you're fucking ready to rock there.
All you have to do is go into a place and say, ham.
I wonder if anyone really does like ham.
Doesn't it seem like this is a dumb meat?
Who does or does not like ham?
Well, just like anyone who's like a fan of ham.
It seems like it's like there.
You're going to go to Barcelona, Jackson, and the whole city is based on ham.
You go into a restaurant and there's just fucking hams hanging in the window.
But that's different.
They're an old world. They love survival.
The Irish love potatoes because it could grow in Ireland.
This is luxury. This is leisure meat.
I came to Barcelona for the ham.
I can't wait to eat ham.
Yeah, you do.
It just seems dumb to me.
That's what you fucking do.
That's like licking tile grout or something.
I don't know.
It just seems dumb.
It's a fucking ham joint.
I can see somebody liking lamb, beef, chicken.
Any other meats?
Ham?
Well, there's hams the fourth one.
And I just think it's like the early 90s Fox network of meats.
It's just not a contender.
They haven't gotten their Simpsons yet.
It's just garbage.
Ham just seems like a dumb meat.
Salami?
What is salami?
It's the sausage.
It's just spicy pork.
I don't know anything about meat.
I'm angry about it.
I don't understand what the hell any of this shit is.
All these animals are dying.
Look at me.
I look like a pig.
Every day I was like, Spencer, go get me a fucking burger.
Somewhere there's this assembly line of these sad animals that have IQs higher than some
of the people I work with.
California is out of water.
We're out of fucking water here in California.
If you're flying on a plane in the daytime, you're landing in California, look out the
window and look at all the reservoirs empty.
There's no fucking water here.
Yet we have tons of water to grow alfalfa, which is what we feed cows.
It takes a fucking ton of acres of alfalfa to make a couple pounds of meat.
It's ridiculous.
It's completely insane.
And then they fart and the cows fart and that's an environmental thing.
The cow farts.
Did you hear that?
That's just a fucking bugbear man.
It's a bogey.
What?
It's a mucka muck.
It's a muscle mass.
You're my muscle mass, man.
But I hear tell that the beef is like a big, you know, deforestation.
It's 9-eleven.
Nice.
Make a wish.
What are we doing now?
Our new tradition is every week you forget.
But have we settled on one?
I think for this week we make a one-act play about 9-eleven.
Okay.
Or no, we make a one-act play about whatever we were just talking about.
Well, we do a one-act play set against the backdrop of 9-eleven.
Okay.
But it's about something else.
About jeans.
No, don't go there.
Okay.
There's an urban legend about firefighters stealing jeans during 9-eleven.
It's not true.
Stealing jeans?
Yeah.
From where?
Yeah, from the concourse underneath 9-eleven.
There was like, yeah, it's an urban legend.
There's this guy that wrote a book about ground zero.
What the fuck?
There was this urban legend that developed where they found a fire truck filled with jeans
from the gap.
And it's the most ridiculous urban legend because it's like, can you imagine being a firefighter
during 9-eleven and you're like, boys, you're looking at this the wrong way.
It's just so silly.
For everything that we hold sacred, someone has to create some kind of thing.
It's just like our mind creates mythology.
So there was this notion, it's completely unverifiable that they unearthed in the rubble
a fire truck and it was filled with jeans.
And I can feel it's clear in the room, but in case it doesn't translate over electronic
fibers, we're laughing because 9-eleven's bad and people are good and firefighters are
great and we're not laughing at 9-eleven.
But are firefighters great only because of their weird love of jeans?
I mean, it's funny.
It just gets you like, in the Rick and Morty writers room, we were talking about this for
three hours about the firefighters stealing the jeans and we developed a whole movie about
a firefighter.
What was the movie called?
Can we fade in?
Can we see some of that?
I know the slogan for the movie was one-size-fits-all.
I want to talk about it logistically because the poster, I also remember the poster I drew
was the New York skyline with two legs of jeans that became, oh, oh, oh, and the title,
I remember the title.
It became what?
I don't know exactly.
The story is about a firefighter who survives 9-eleven with a bunch of jeans and he now goes
around the country and he gives a pair of pants to each family of a victim of 9-eleven
and they magically all fit.
It's like a traveling pants thing in there.
The title of the movie was, I've got to get this right, so, Redenimshin.
We developed a whole movie, we did not work on Rick and Morty for half a day and we were
just crying, laughing.
Of course we're crying, laughing because that's why these things happen.
How did the firefighter acquire all of these jeans?
How did he come across them?
The idea is that there's a concourse underneath the World Trade Center that has all these
stores and stuff and they were looting before they really realized the gravity.
It's not true.
It's not a real story.
It was printed in a book by a guy who did not verify the story.
He just kept hearing it, but every person he heard it from was not a verifiable, you
know, it was just urban legend.
So he printed urban legend, so it became like a real urban legend.
It's like, you know, you Google like, or Yahoo, firefighter pants 9-eleven.
Nice catch.
It really is a good search engine.
It's much more than searching.
It's so much more than searching.
You could, without even looking for it, you could find your horoscope.
You don't even have to search for that.
I bet on Google you have to type, what's my horoscope?
Yahoo, it's there.
And they have a whole section called Yahoo Answers.
You ever want to know anything from a 16-year-old who doesn't know anything?
You could just go on there and go, hey, how much does a basketball cost?
And someone will go like, why are you asking?
They'll see a doctor.
It's a great service.
Yahoo Answers is just a bunch of dingbats at a 250 million-way intersection.
Yahoo Answers, because some answers are bad.
Is there a slogan?
Yeah, Redenimchin.
So when the people get the pants and they magically fit.
Then they're like, OK, thank you.
But fucked up what you did.
And he's like, I couldn't have, and they're like, we know.
But still, you should have tried.
And he's like, OK.
Shouldn't that guy go, I gave away all the pants.
I did what I could.
Everyone got pants that was affected by this.
They all fit.
And he goes back home to Long Island.
There was a family.
There was Staten Island, let's say.
And he goes back home with his wife and kids.
And he sits there and they knock on the door.
And there's an old...
Oh, shit.
That was my accident.
Or was it?
There's a knock on the door.
And there's an old...
I'm picturing the Asian guy from Gremlins,
the guy that gives him the magway.
And he goes, you know that there's genes.
There's a reason why they were hidden down there
in that concourse beneath World Trade Center Tower 1.
Because those genes are cursed.
Oh, no.
And then there's going to be...
And then you pull back and there's towers being built
everywhere where he gave pants away.
Yeah.
And then that music plays.
What did you...
What are you shaking your head for?
What did you expect?
I wanted you to launch into one of your famous fade-ins
on fucking, you know, like...
That's the end of the movie.
No, it's the beginning of the second act.
What?
It's the beginning...
The first act, as 9-11 happens,
and a firefighter gives away all the pants.
Yes.
And at the end of the first act,
a Chinese guy says, those pants cross 9-11.
That's the crossing of the first threshold.
Are you Christopher Nolan?
Yes.
The first threshold.
Oh, seems like a good movie.
That seems like that was enough.
However, no, no.
You got yourself into a world of fucking...
This is way bigger than jeans.
It's way bigger than 9-11.
You've got three hours of McConaughey
and a bookshelf.
No, you gave everybody cursed pants.
Oh, right, all right.
These are cursed pants.
I've not seen the movie you're talking about.
You gotta see this movie.
Oh, behind the book, guys.
Oh, there's me.
Oh, that's when I did that.
Oh.
I'm a little bolder now,
because since I aired that,
my grievance is about interstellar.
A lot of people have come forward
and thanked me for my bravery.
And said, thank you.
I can't say it.
You know, I'm a PA.
Or a stunt coordinator.
You know, someone has to fall off that bookcase.
Nolan runs this town.
Thank you.
Thank you for saying that the movie's a little silly.
Anyways, your movie...
My movie is that the movie starts
when the guy finds out that the pants he gave away,
he thought he was doing a good deed.
So at what point in your movie is the guy
going from town to town giving pants
and having these emotional conversations?
I would call that a road of trials.
But for you, it's just like an ordinary world.
No, no, no, let's make it the...
The meeting with the goddess is the Chinese guy saying...
Finding the pants is the top of the circle.
The bottom of the circle is like,
finding out what the pants are actually about.
When you say finding the pants,
you mean looting them from 9-11.
Right.
So it fades in on 9-11.
Yeah, a guy says,
oh, shit, free pants, 9-11.
Fucking great.
Then his wife goes, honey, that's fucking...
You profited.
We have a fire truck.
Fire truck full of jeans outside.
So we identify with this character,
so it fades in and 9-11's happening.
And it catches you, like a certain battalion,
and the guy goes like, go, go, go, go.
Up to floor 19, up to floor 19.
And the guy's like, this is just a fire.
It's going to be fine.
Or there's an accident, like the sign.
If you really want to identify with a guy,
like the sign has to turn upside down,
so he goes to the wrong floor.
Sure.
So then he's just surrounded with pants.
There's jeans, and maybe someone else says,
hey, you know, everybody clear out the building.
It's like, it's just a fire.
Let's get everybody out of here.
And he goes like, oh, there's fucking jeans in there.
Right.
Take these jeans.
And so he goes home and he's got a bunch of jeans.
But he gets home, and he goes, I got to get these jeans out of here.
And then he realizes all of his friends are dead.
And he feels guilty about it.
So he goes and gives all those jeans away.
I'm going to make my mission to travel to Earth.
So it's like, 9-11's the cold open.
Right.
And it's like, yeah.
So he runs into it, and he's like, I think you need,
like you'd have to do it in flashback,
which is kind of cheating,
but you have to establish that this guy,
like you're Turk 182.
Like the idea that being a firefighter is like,
the city fucks you over.
Like the guy is like, his dad has dementia,
or his brother, well, just rip off Turk 182
and say his brother got hurt really bad
being a firefighter, and they didn't give him compensation.
Right.
So like, he's going to 9-11, like half predisposed.
He's primed.
He's like, this is my last day as a firefighter.
And then they're like, they're like,
mismanaging 9-11 somehow in a civic sense.
Go up a holding pattern, Roger that.
You kind of look at the bureaucratic side of it.
You're like disillusioned.
You're like, it's a disaster.
And I know, I know the big picture of this.
But from his perspective, it's like, this is ridiculous.
Like, what is my job?
How do I know when I'm helping people or whatever?
And then he just goes through this door,
because he's like, I'm going to try.
And he gets yelled at.
He's like, his boss goes like, Henderson, what are you doing?
He's like, I'm trying to save people, sir.
He's like, I don't pay you to save people.
Go in that room and cool off.
Go in that room until you know what's important.
And he goes in the room and it's like a closed down gap.
And he's like, and he looks up and it's like denim gold.
Yeah.
And the fluorescent lights are flickering
and it's just jeans everywhere.
Yeah.
And it's like the camera kind of pushes on him.
As you hear, like, black, red denim shirt.
And then it fades up and it's like his dementia,
at old father is like being fed soup by his mom
when they're watching like all the coverage of the disaster
like a week later.
And his brother is like all burnt up in the corner going like,
when I, good thing I didn't have to go to 9-11.
And he's like, yeah, but you get fucked up too.
And they fucked you over.
And then he's like, how come you, how come you survived 9-11?
And he's like, I told you, they made me go in a room
and they're like, well, whatever.
And then he's like, okay, I'm going to go downstairs
and think about stuff.
And he goes down to his bedroom and like his bed
is surrounded by all these jeans.
And he's watching on the TV.
He's watching these funerals, like the 21 gun salutes
and the, and then he's like, he's just laying in his bed.
He's like, fuck, the fuck have I done?
I'm a ghoul.
I'm a horrible ghoul.
And so then like, okay, so this is like seven minutes
into the movie, the credits are still going underneath
as he like, dry and then he's like, cut to Montana.
Director of photography.
Peter Smokler.
I'm so sorry, ma'am.
Here's your paint.
Like I fucked up.
I was there.
I couldn't have done anything, but I did steal these pants
and it's fucked up.
It doesn't make any sense.
It's like, that's why, that's why,
karmically why this shit happens to us as a country
is because of greed.
So here's these pants back.
And, and, and I hope they fit you.
And, and, and she's like, I'll be right back.
I don't know if they will, but I'm like, they better.
Obviously.
And then she, and then she could actually,
they should look like they really won't.
They should look way too small for us.
Well, thank you.
Like I was just like, great.
You know what, I'm going to go try to put these on
and come out and bitch you out.
So she goes in the bedroom and then it was like,
this was just a clock ticking tick as he looks
at the photographs of the dead 911 people.
And the flag folded up.
Yeah. And the dogs like,
and, and then she, and then he's like,
he's like, I'm going to do, I'm just going to,
maybe add like a character that's always like,
you should kill yourself.
Like, like, like, like the ghost of his brother
who died in 9-11.
So he's, so that he always, there's always like a voice,
his brother saying like, do it, do it,
fucking kill yourself.
You piece of shit.
You should have fucking died.
You should be dead.
And he's like, okay, you want me to do it?
You want me to do it?
And he takes that corkscrew and he's like,
got it under his, under his neck.
And, and, and, and, and then the woman says,
yes, I do want you to do it.
And he, and he slowly turns and she's like,
I do want you to keep giving out these pants because,
because they fit great.
I was about to ask you, do I look fat in these jeans?
But I know what the answer is.
The answer is no.
Right.
I look fantastic.
And he's like, oh, and she's like,
you're doing a good thing here.
I suggest keep doing it.
And then he goes, take me home country road.
And it's like a line going around the country
and there's just pants like, it's like, you know,
you got to speed this up at a certain point.
It's just like stacks of pants going down and like,
like, like people accepting them, talking to them,
like cowboys and a pasture of cows.
And they take the,
there's a seaside and one kid has,
neither kid has jeans on.
And they cussed the one kid and all of a sudden he,
that kid has jeans on.
What?
What? You're doing camera tricks?
Like, like, like, like it cuts.
Like a Beatles video?
I'm trying to make this fun.
It's me.
It's tasteless.
It's terrible.
What do you mean?
Well, it's just like, it's not,
you're making it seem like campy and like, like, like fun.
Like, like.
Okay.
I'll take it more seriously though.
I'm sorry.
He's keep, he keeps giving pets.
So I'm trying to, I'm trying to write your movie.
Okay.
Because, okay.
So it's page, page 13.
The truck, you look at the truck and there's like,
you see the stack of jeans getting slowly smaller.
The last pair of jeans that he gives to somebody,
and that last person should be somebody who,
like somebody, somebody could have read it.
It's the, it's the 14 year old black kid that becomes
like his sidekick because the pants don't fit
for some reason.
Because he lives in the Bronx and the last stop is like,
he's like, he's like, hey kid,
but the real reason is because the kid will find out
on page 60, he lied.
He doesn't, he's not a family of a survivor.
He just wanted pants.
Okay.
I know, I know.
It's fun, but it's going to be a,
but his brother got shot by cops.
And he deserves the fucking pants
because everyone has 9-11 going on all the time.
It's only now after you say that,
that I feel bad about my camera tricks and the seesaw.
Yeah.
Like, like, or try to win at a masquerade.
Making a movie.
Okay.
Hold still.
They'll put the pants on.
I need some money.
Help.
Silly, but like silly.
It's insane.
So the kid, the kid tries the last pair of jeans.
They don't fit.
And the guy says, what?
Our hero says.
He says like, huh, maybe because it's the last pair.
And then the kid's like, yeah, I don't know.
But they're like kind of baggy.
And he's like, maybe I like these.
Maybe those jeans were in the fire truck already.
Maybe those are.
Maybe they're my pants.
I don't know.
Yeah.
The kid's kind of a hasty, like, might have to cut the kid.
Like, I don't know.
The kid stays in the picture, dad.
But he, so he's at home.
It's page 16.
He's eating pancakes.
Dementia dad died while he was gone.
The burnt brother is like, like, still burnt.
And like, still like, why are you here?
How did you survive 911?
It's so fucked up.
And, and then I'm just going with your.
So there's a knock on the door.
It's an old Chinese man says like those pants were under 911 for a reason.
They're cursed.
They caused 911.
This is your idea now.
No.
Okay.
Oh, well, okay.
Well, I their cursed was your idea.
Right.
I'm saying that there's a reason like, like you find out that he puts these pants on people.
But that, uh, that comes at a, like that's just too good to be true.
There's a reason why they fit everybody.
He has to go get them all back.
No.
I think all those people, like, like they, he's created an army of people with magic
genes on that they're worse than 911.
So what happens?
You're the writer.
I wrote a whole movie about the guy and you weren't like, yeah, I thought your momentum would carry you through this.
Oh man.
No.
They become zombies.
Yeah.
That's what I was thinking.
It just seems like it's just a random.
This is like mumblecore.
So what they call it, mumblecore.
Yeah.
It's like one of those dupless, dupless brothers.
Disappointed Dan.
I thought you would have been able to finish this off.
The guy comes and says, those are pants.
Like we're crossing the first threshold.
Those pants, those pants are cursed.
So then he goes like, okay, I should go get them back.
And the Chinese guy goes, no, you can't.
Cause that would be back and forthy.
So, so now all those people are going to, they're going to start fires.
Are they going to be Al-Qaeda?
Let's say, okay, let's say, okay, forget the cursing.
Let's say that's.
Weddings start hitting people's houses?
Yeah.
What does?
Oh, planes.
Yeah.
Well, what if the gene-wearing people like are, are, they're driven now to return to the
concourse?
And if they all do something horrible happens.
It's really more of a thinker.
What about, okay, Dan, Dan, forget about the Chinese guy at the door.
Like what's the end of your movie?
The guy gives the pants back and what happens?
Well, the whole movie is, yeah, he gives, well, like in my movie.
That's the end of the movie?
He gives the pants back?
The end?
Everybody gives a pair of pants?
The threshold is he sets out on the road to go give the pants back.
So it's a whole quadrant of the circle is 9-11, which is what people want out of this.
From the poster.
They're like buying tickets to see this.
Because the, the towers are both legs of pants.
The road trials.
Sorry.
Tom Kaufman from Rick and Morty, he sent me a picture of the thing and I have, I have
the log line and the, the title.
It's really close.
Um, he put the tagline is heroes coming all sizes.
Heroes coming all sizes.
Which is also Willow.
Yeah.
I stole it from Willow, but.
And then, uh, it's, it's Redenham shin, uh, colon pants on fire.
Because he's a liar.
Yeah.
All right.
The, the pastor has to be cursed.
That's just good enough alone.
So, so the, the, it's a, it's a, it's not a movie.
It's not, it's not like an event film.
It's like a tearjerker and an Oscar winner.
Like he, he goes on a journey of self discovery.
Like he figures out who he is.
Why did he take those pants?
What the fuck is wrong with him?
So what does he find out at the end?
What, what does he learn?
The whole system's fucked.
And you know, like fucking rich people should die.
But anybody that makes more than me, like, like, like billionaires,
they should, they should have all their money redistributed.
That's what he finds out.
But then there's nothing about it.
That's the end of the film.
Well, I just, that's a lot to take in.
He's probably need a voiceover.
But you got, you got all these magic.
No, he gives all the pants.
You don't deal with the magic pants.
Why are they magic?
They're not magic.
They fit.
Because the traveling pants of the sisterhood, they, it wasn't, it wasn't, it wasn't like,
they didn't stop the movie and go, holy fuck, the devil is real.
Like they, it was, it was just the idea that these girls like were bonded in a way.
Like every time they put on the pants, I assume that they fit.
He's giving his pants away to strangers that aren't characters in the movie.
He's just giving, as a montage.
And they all fit because he, okay.
So they all fit when his, when his like apology is real.
Okay.
All right.
I got it.
So the goddess is like a hot woman and her husband died in 9-11.
And he chokes up on the bat.
Like he changes a couple of things and the pants don't fit.
Why?
Because he hasn't come clean.
He's like, it's like a quantum leap rules.
He's got to, he's got to come a hundred percent clean with the people he gives the pants to
or they don't fit.
And she's like hot.
So he's like tempted.
He doesn't want to be a piece of shit and like, because he wants to date her.
So he, he kind of, he changes a couple of details about his pants looting and his steak in 9-11
and stuff.
And she's like, oh, so you're kind of a hero.
And he's like, yeah.
And then she's like, okay, well, let's go on that date.
And I'm going to wear my new pants to the date.
And he's like, cool.
I'm going to get so late.
And it's good.
And then she's like, they don't fit.
And that's like, and then, and then he's like, well, here's another pair.
And she's like, these don't fit either.
What the fuck's going on?
I don't know why she'd be.
So it's like, it's like Groundhog Day.
He has to learn how to be honest.
Like he has to get it right and find out how to make the pants fit on his hot chick.
I think they all become zombies.
All right.
Well, let's develop it later.
We should only spend like a maximum of 20 minutes developing the 9-11.
I don't care if it takes all fucking night.
We're going to fucking hash this out.
You know, you let it go.
You got to step back and then you work on other projects.
Right?
Right.
Let's bring Timorge out in preparation.
Timorge Brown.
Yeah.
Hey, I heard car jumper got canceled at channel 101.
That was the thing that happened.
Yes.
I was at my rap party for community.
Was that the longest running show of all time?
It is.
Absolutely.
How many episodes?
20 what?
25.
35.
30.
I feel like because this show, this show's theme so far has been kind of a contemplative
kind of like introspective kind of show.
I feel like we should commit to some shadow run in a way like we really get down to like
get into some shit done.
Yeah, yeah.
You guys down for that?
All right.
Dan, would you pass out the character sheet folders, pass those down the line?
But we need a mercy, right?
Or are you saying even like?
I think we should.
Yeah.
Right.
What do you think?
Well, yeah.
I mean we should.
I think we need our face man for sure.
Yeah, yeah.
Do we have somebody out there who feels especially capable of being Mercy or Donald?
Who?
Who you said woo?
There's a woo there.
Do you want to come up?
You wooed.
Get up here woo, woo girl.
Hello.
You can take the mic from up there.
She's gonna make it on her own.
She has no parade to throw into the air at that last minute.
All right woo girl.
What's your, what's your name?
I'm Julia.
Hi.
Julia.
There's your folder.
I'm here by myself.
That's why zero people clapped when I went woo.
Sorry.
You know nothing.
I just realized I was really awkward.
I'm like hi.
That's right.
I don't think in a show when people applaud for someone your first thought is, ah the
fix is in.
They must have brought 50 people.
Julia was it?
Yes.
Julia where are you from?
Originally northeast Ohio.
Northeast so that would be Toledo?
Youngster.
Cleveland-ish.
I grew up with Amish so like Cleveland and more east.
There's a reason why I moved.
Did you say you grew up with Amish?
Yeah.
They have those in Ohio?
I thought that was a Pennsylvania thing.
And a lot in Ohio.
How did they get there?
They watched I guess.
You don't have to answer it was a dumb question.
I apologize and sorry to my mom if she ever does see this but I'm a little high when I
need to.
Is your mom Amish?
Oh.
Full disclosure.
You're a little high?
I might be.
You might be a little high.
Marijuana high?
Maybe.
Well that endures you to them.
They're like okay good.
I'm almost regretting even saying woo and going why don't somebody else go woo please?
Erin why aren't you here now?
Because the dog's pooping hairs.
Do you want to switch places with Erin right now?
She's yanking dog string out of a dog anus.
Almost forgot.
All right.
Well you're quite a character.
She's like Julie Haggerty meets Mary Tyler Moore meets Ann Margaret.
Ann Margaret.
Oh my god.
Did you, how are you living in LA?
I am.
And how long have you been living here?
A little over a year.
And what's your ambition?
I kind of accidentally fell into working in the thing I did the most which is podcasting.
And yeah one guy really but I worked for an amazing comedian Erin Foley and if any of
you know her.
Erin Foley's amazing.
Yeah she's really funny and I'm really fortunate to work with some really funny people.
So you work on Erin Foley's podcast?
No I help make it happen.
I do this stuff, the minutiae.
Like you're the producer or a producer of her podcast.
The helper of things.
You book guests and stuff.
Sometimes if she needs it.
You know I'm editor.
Are you an assassin?
I'm a podcast assassin.
But I also do weird voice work and things so yeah so I'm like why not try podcasting.
Why not woo?
Nobody else wooed, please somebody else should have wooed.
I'm going to go back build a time machine and then I'll be right back.
Oh I'm not nervous.
You're nervous.
Nobody feels sorry for me.
It's like she feels like a sitcom character that's just joined our cast.
I'm wearing a skirt, I'm trying not to sit awkwardly where I'm like I kind of have to
sidesettle where I'm like hey.
I'm an ottoman now.
Hey what's up guys?
This is still weird.
It's going to be a shadow run of all time.
So Julia are you familiar with Mercy O'Donnell's character?
Grace?
Yeah.
Yes.
And you're looking down at her character sheet you're familiar with her attributes?
I'm going to do my best.
I can't wait to be as high as you are after this show.
See me after the show.
Whoa.
Oh damn.
Wink.
What about me?
You're there too.
That was prenatal.
That's her.
Are you higher than her?
Is she higher than you?
No man.
I'm not, no.
I have my answer.
My nervousness manifests itself differently.
That's all.
It's true.
See?
The laugh is like the Warner Brothers sound effect library woman laughing from the 60s.
I'm so sorry.
No, don't.
It's absolutely fine.
She's Mary Tellermore.
A little Goldie Hahn, a little Mary Tellermore.
If you listen back on a few live podcasts of various kinds, you can apparently pick
me out and I apologize.
Oh we have, we have, we got one of those guys right here.
I know I finally saw him and I'm like oh that's him.
He's the laugh.
That's the laughing guy.
It's the laugh.
Oh my God.
And it's equal.
You're the laughing guy?
Yeah.
I never put a face to you because I was away for all the controversy in your life.
Oh you weren't here for that?
I was gone for most of that.
It's laughing guy.
What's your name again?
Laughing guy?
Doug.
Laughing guy.
What's your podcast, Doug?
Just in case you didn't know.
Oh and we're.
Yeah.
It's called You and Me and Thoughts and Talk.
You and Me and Thoughts and Talk with Doug Culp.
How do you get through it?
Like, isn't it just you, like, like.
Yeah, it is.
He does laugh on it.
Oh can I say one more thing really quick.
I was actually listening to Super Ego on the way over here and I had no idea.
You were the Sam Elliott.
That's one of my favorite bits with Shunt McGuffin.
Oh yeah.
I had no idea and then I heard Dana Harmon and I was like, oh wait, the Muppet one.
That's all.
Sorry.
Jeff does a good Sam Elliott.
I apologize.
I'm not going to have that much next time.
I'm so sorry you guys.
Alright, Julia.
Here's the status.
You're high.
You're here.
Yeah.
You're about to play Shatter Run with us.
I'm going to try.
My advice to you is to let it wash over you and to dig deep and as we play Shatter Run.
Spencer, do we have a guest intro?
Yeah, I think it's by Let's Be Safe But Again.
Alright.
A lot of people have been sending, not a lot.
People have been sending me in.
A lot of the ones I haven't read were too long.
If anyone's curious, wants to revise their work, no offense.
What's a good range for length?
I don't know.
It's just, I mean, if you write it, read it out loud and see how long it takes.
Yeah, I would say 45 seconds is probably a good thing, right?
Yeah.
We run a tight ship over here.
We really do.
If our show is proofing anything, get your shit together.
Well, I kind of do, right?
I got to keep a tight ship.
You do.
No, you should.
Yeah, I do.
You're allowed to.
Thank you.
You're saying to those would-be intro Shatter Run people, writers, keep it around under
a minute.
Yeah, no offense.
It's good stuff.
It's all good stuff.
Thanks to our video listeners.
All right, Spencer, take it away.
All right.
Last time on Harmontown, Shadow Town, after completing their first mission, the gang
kicked back for some much-needed R&R, lounging around the pool table at their usual watering
hole.
Hanks last stand.
They indulged in their favorite vices.
Their moment of peace was shattered when an old, extremely Italian man named Ryan Dervish
barged in screaming, jittery, and jumping.
After calming down, he explained that the notorious Spaguli crime family has kidnapped
his son, Jelly.
One over by his offer of 2,000 new yin a piece and a pair of fancy Italian shoes, our heroes
accepted the mission to retrieve Jelly Dervish.
The old man intimated that Arturo Spaguli, a big, stupid dick, might know something
about the kidnapping.
The gang resolved to confront Arturo at his favorite eatery, the Burger Tyrant.
But will they find stupid Arturo, the big dick?
Will they use their well-known skills and famous teamwork to extract information?
Will they retrieve Jelly Dervish with their usual discretion and grace?
Doubts on a Harmontown, Shadow Tyrant, thank you.
Okay, so we're on our way to a restaurant to, uh, to, uh, we're going to the Burger
Tyrant?
Yeah, you're headed towards the Bu, uh, the Burger Tyrant, the Buber Tyrant.
Well, what kind of vehicle are we in right now?
You're in an Uber.
We're in an Uber.
What's our, uh, hey, driver, what's your name?
It's a robot.
Robot, what's your...
Is the robot programmed to sexually harass women, or does that slowly drop away as the
Uber enters the future?
And is the robot, is the robot programmed after you get out of the car to keep the meter
running and pretend that the ride is canceled but charge you for a ride that you didn't
do and keep running in the meantime?
Oh, shit.
Gauntlet.
Down.
All of those things.
Yet we never use Lyft.
I use Lyft all the fucking time.
Lyft is great.
The Uber comes...
Driving you happy.
Suck a dick.
That's what they say.
Hey, uh, hey, uh, robot, how far away from my Burger Tyrant?
Oh, we're pretty close.
You guys should, uh, have just enough time to formulate a plan.
Nightblade.
What you got?
Uh, not the planning type of such, but, uh, I just want to get straight in my head, uh,
this guy, uh, he's the one who might know where Jelly is.
Arturo Spaguli.
Yeah.
He's a dick.
All right.
Uh, so we should probably lure him out, uh, figure out a way to get him by himself.
Uh, got a feeling he'll be probably surrounded by a lot of, a lot of guys.
Hey, um, Hortegaard, can you find out what kind of car Arturo Spaguli drives?
Is it, is it possible that I could, uh, possibly, uh, re-contact, uh, my friend Rich Bielsen?
Uh, yeah.
Rich?
Rich.
Yes.
Hey.
How are you?
Hey, it's Rich.
Hey.
Don't, uh, be aggressive with me.
Oh.
This is just my voice.
Okay.
Um, there's, uh, we obviously were looking for this, uh, this asshole, this sort of dick,
the person.
Yeah.
Um, is that it possible that we could lead, lead, lure him?
Is there something that would bring him out, perhaps, uh, uh, since he's been drinking
a glass of water, or, uh, is there some other sort of totem that we might bring him outside
with, to get him outside of his protection?
Hmm.
That's a good question.
I don't really know the guy personally.
I just, uh, I put some, I put some, you know, some of my ears out and found out that's where
he is.
You might, you might have better luck asking around elsewhere.
Is it, uh, oh, you still talking to this guy?
Is it possible that I could use another identity and perhaps go in and lure him out myself?
It's certainly possible.
Is it also possible that we could use our, uh, our, our, our fabulous face?
The one to the right of me, although you're not looking at me right now, but the one to
the right of me.
I say we, we, we, we send in the fabulous way.
I say we use, uh, Mercy O'Donnell as much as possible on this mission.
I think this is Mercy's time to shine.
Yeah.
I knew I was going to make it.
Mercy, uh, uh, uh, driver, are we here at the burger challenge?
Uh, we're just pulling up to three blocks away.
Rich Billson, Rich Billson, uh, there are a few times that I will say this.
I apologize for, uh, uh, abusing your time.
I will make this up to you later.
We have a plan.
Uh, we've come up with it on our own.
Uh, good day, sir.
Thanks, man.
Let's do, uh, let's do a blue beauty with a honeypot on the front end.
Do you think it's a good idea?
Seems to be the configuration.
Okay.
Most conducive in the situation.
I'll be, I'll be the honeypot.
No, wait.
Uh, if I could, uh, perhaps the honeypot could be somebody else.
Is that possible?
Do we, do we know his sexual proclivities?
Do we know, you know, when he's saying this?
You have a face that is irresistible regardless of sexual proclivities.
It deals in the currency.
I can't tell you how many times I've said it.
Hey, guys, guys.
The currency of raw traction.
I huddled everybody up.
I said, look, I think that we'd be fooling ourselves if we didn't think the best plan
is to send Mercy O'Donnell just right in the front door as the, as the honeypot.
Your job is to get him, get him over to, uh, our prearranged location, uh, which is, which
is just out back of the burger tyrant.
Okay.
So we're at the front of the burger tyrant.
You're three blocks away.
We're three blocks away still.
Could the driver perhaps pull up to the back of the, well, if we get too close, they're
going to, they're going to send something's up.
Okay.
Let's stop.
I mean, I can walk.
Should we stop a block away nightblade and let Mercy O'Donnell walk in the front?
I don't get my Beyonce stride on.
I think you, I think you go in, we do, we do one of these.
You go in and then, uh, like, uh, we stage a, uh, she has a falling out with her, uh,
her boy and then wait, I'm trying to figure out how to, like, why don't you be the boy?
She'll, uh, and then she's going to get him out to the car.
If the simple version is she just gets him out to the car and then we're all in the car.
The more complex version is to get him even further away.
Why can't I just try and convince him to come with me into the car?
I think we just let her do her thing.
Okay.
All right.
First we let this happen.
Yeah.
And let her get him outside of the building and then we work on it.
Well, we're all, we're all listening.
We'll all be in the car.
You just get him out into the car.
Yeah.
All right.
I played this on focus at this time, so yeah, yeah, another hour of unfocused.
So are we a block away?
Yes.
Spencer.
Yep.
All right.
Mercy.
Yes.
I trust you implicitly.
You really should.
I got this.
Go knock him dead.
I have exceptional charisma and, uh, negotiation top notch.
Is it possible I could be both a physical and emotional spotter?
Please, I think maybe not hovering in the background, but perhaps just staying close
by in case things go awry.
Yeah.
It could go off the rails.
It may very well.
So what's the move gentlemen and lady?
It's mercy time.
It's fucking mercy time.
All right.
Mercy, go in there and work your charms.
Okay.
So get, get, go, go meet our tourist bagouli and try to find out and get him out to the
car with us.
Okay.
So right now it's just me and walking in.
Oh, you must whip it.
Okay.
So I get to the burger tyrant.
Walk in.
What's, what's the surrounding?
All right.
So, uh, the burger tyrant is classic garbage food of the sixth world, 3D printers, squirting
out grease and krill protein into recognizable shapes injected with flavor simulates and
microwave it for perfection to perfection.
Burger tyrant is the pinnacle of the technology serving millions of day.
This location looks pretty new.
So it must have been rebuilt to the tyrant's new security slash hygiene specifications.
Standing tall in front of the front door is a hologram icon of the burger tyrant himself.
His arms are open wide and he proclaims, all are welcome and get your burgers done right.
But please, oh please don't go and fight.
Leave your weapons at home.
This guy's a real burger tyrant.
He's really into that.
All right.
I like it.
Just to be safe, I astrally project alongside Mercy, like to go alongside or into the burger
tyrant.
Okay.
You're, you're a ghost.
Could be dangerous.
You go first.
Try not to ghost block.
So you step into the, you step into the burger tyrant, it's, it's a filthy joint.
It looks like it must be one of those franchise locations rather than a corporate place specifically
because the security detail is woefully substandard.
There's usually about five armed guards on duty at your average burger tyrant.
Here you only see one.
He's wearing a bulletproof vest and he's picking his nose.
The second you walk into the door, however, you hear a piercing shrill alarm shriek, blights
start flashing and going off right as you, right as you, uh, enter the door and three
fry cooks and, uh, the security guard all pull guns and level pistols right at you.
They say no weapons.
Get out of here.
We're shooting you to death.
Hey, hey, calm down.
No weapons.
Hey, hold on.
It's law.
Hold on.
Just a second.
Let's just step it back.
No weapons.
Hold on.
What if, can I, uh, like coat check these because there's some way I can just drop these
off, pick them up on my way out.
Yeah.
Go outside, do that, then come back and we'll give you burgers.
Hey, hey, that sounds amazing.
Thank you for complying.
Hey, no worries, no worries, not a problem.
Uh, I'll be right back.
Uh, I am just outside the door and ready to collect such weapons.
Excellent.
I've taken them all.
So I have no, so I have zero weapons.
Okay.
Oh, I feel like, I feel like Marcy right now, just very scared, but I'm going to power
through.
So I'm going back in there.
All right.
You do that.
You see the, the, the fry cooks, they're not pointing guns at you anymore.
They're just milling about the auto fooders.
There's a couple of folks just sitting with their meals.
See Arturo Spagulli seated in the corner.
He's wearing a fine Italian suit and he's eating, he's eating two burgers in two hands.
Whoa.
He's double fisting the meat.
He's double fisting both meats.
Given the circumstances, can I use my cobalt sense instantly just to find out if there
is any threat?
Oh, there's threats.
Like with the meat undercooked?
The meat is always cooked in this place, hot meat, always.
Yes.
Threats.
Okay.
End of the comlink.
He does that a lot.
He's like, it's like, how many of these people are my friends?
That's like, well, they're trying to kill you.
Says the man sitting in the van.
That's it.
I'm checking my email.
This isn't really, you know, a resume for my proclivities.
All right.
What's the move?
Hey, real quick.
Do I actually have, I mean, I said that I gave all my weapons.
What are you from Atlanta?
One of my friends used to get really high and then he would start just, he would go from
like, what's up guys?
Like, hi.
They can't see who you're talking to right now.
You have to talk to the man.
Oh, I apologize.
Apparently I lose control of my vocals.
You're fine.
I'm sorry, you guys.
Okay.
So I'm trying to get back on task.
Back on the train.
Sorry.
Spencer, I actually have a real question.
Yeah.
About your weapons?
So knife, do I actually have like any hidden anything that I can get through is, I mean,
is there a chance I could sneak something through just in case?
You don't think so.
You know, in today's day and age, weapon and metal detectors are highly, highly elaborate.
You'd have to have a weapon designed specifically to bypass that security.
All right.
I was just double checking.
Just double checking.
I go in the comment and say, Mercy, ask him to go outside with you.
If that's not going to work, we're going to come storm into place and kick ass.
Yeah, it's not really that kind of mission, you know.
No, I'm just going to convince him.
Objectify you or anything, but you know.
Yeah.
I just got to try and somehow convince him to come out.
Just ask him and see what happens.
Just make the approach.
Yeah.
Put on your finest face.
I tried that hours ago.
I apologize.
Okay.
So.
Oh, Jim.
Sorry, DeMorge.
Oh, my God.
Okay.
So I'm going in there and who's with me again?
No one.
Well, you're all alone.
You're wrong.
There's the ghost.
Mercy.
I'm on the comlink.
I'm talking to you.
This is Eve Libertine talking.
You're a ghost right now.
I'm talking to you.
Can I talk to you on comlink in my astral form?
No, you could talk to her as a ghost.
Oh, so he like.
Ghost talking.
I'm in the room with you.
I'm actually in the room with you.
I got you.
If you want me to manifest and kick ass, I can't walk up to him and tell him what you want.
I already got him outside alone.
Wait a minute.
What?
Okay.
So.
Walk up to Arturo Spagulli and say, would you come outside with us?
Arturo.
Me.
You walk up to him and he's got a mouth full of burger.
He's, he's barely paying you any mind.
He barely glances at you.
The comlink I suggest you know how to do this the right way.
The right way?
In your window.
Okay.
Arturo.
How are you?
I'm hungry.
Hungry.
Yeah.
I like, I like some meats.
Not so much ham, but I like meat.
Okay.
So I haven't stopped thinking about ham from earlier.
George, I'm so sorry.
I'm like embarrassing.
Stay in the pocket kid.
Okay.
The musicians have a phrase.
It's called staying in the pocket.
Okay.
I apologize.
Stay focused.
Stay focused, mercy.
Get him outside, mercy.
All right.
So I know you're hungry, but you know what?
I did something.
I didn't want to tell you.
I didn't want to tell you, but we have an amazing buffet.
And this whole party that we planned for you,
I just didn't think that maybe.
Talk about what we'll do with the meats.
Hard to guide you.
Wait, wait.
You want me to expound?
Get him outside, mercy.
We planned a giant surprise party for you,
basically for this award we heard you were getting.
And so, I mean, I can't think of anything else.
More of that.
More amazing than that.
Ask him to go outside.
And I think that.
Just say, hey.
The limo that we have.
Mercy, say, hey, go outside with me.
I'll suck your dick.
Fucking go outside.
Anything.
When a girl, when a young girl, who is a ghost,
tells you to suck a dick.
Just ask him to go outside.
Say you have a joint and you're going to fucking get high again.
Hey, Arturo, I got some, like, a choice cush.
Let's blaze, yo.
Oh, man.
Who wouldn't want to get high and play Skyrim with me?
Or you can sit next to me and watch me make this amazing waterfall out of lava.
Oh, I was thinking about Minecraft because I play Minecraft.
I'm outside and I want to be inside so that I can go outside again.
Oh, my gosh.
I need to socialize more.
I'm so sorry.
Shit in the cup.
That sounds mighty fine.
Cliffhanger!
Results?
That's a good thing.
Let's thank Julia, everybody, shall we?
It's not Julia.
Holy shit.
Julia, if I can make one request, you come back next week and be twice as high.
And reprise your role as Mercy O'Donnell.
Erin won't be here.
I don't know that, but either way, you fucking, you're on stage and you're high.
DeMorge Brown, everybody.
Spencer Crittenden.
I'm Jeff Davis.
Let's thank also Annie for coming up earlier on.
Annie.
Ginny also.
Thank you very much.
Your mayor, Mr. Dan Hyman, everybody.
Nothing got done.
We walked into a burger place and nothing really happened.
We got into an Uber and then somebody went into the burger place.
They went into the burger place.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.